id:schoolofenglish@info.com
subject:Job Application
body:Dear Sir/Madam, With reference to your advertisement in yesterday's edition of The Times of Malta, I am interested in applying for the post of tour leader for Italian students learning English as a foreign language at your school of English. I am 22 years old and I am currently studying for a diploma in Tourism at MCAST. After that I hope to follow a career in the travel industry. During the last summer holidays I worked as a youth leader in various school projects and I enjoyed the work very much because it involved organising various recreational and academic activities for students at school. Next summer I would like to do something more varied and challenging, and for this reason I am interested in the job of tour leader;id:info@mailkart.in
subject:But shoes online
body:The Amazon Shoe Store is online shoe shopping made simple. Amazon's online shoe shopping experience includes an
incredible selection of women's shoes, men's shoes, girls' shoes, boys' shoes and shoe accessories at an incredible low prices.
You can easily satisfy your every shoe need, from everyday basic shoes to the latest selection from top brands, the greatest contemporary shoe trends. BUy the mails ass realy as possible . Get the discounts early on;id:info@amazon.in
subject:Shop Online this weekend
body:For women, find shoes for all occasions - Look smoking hot in those pumps and stillettoes. Go glam and edgy in leather boots. Waft through the bazaars in those breezy slippers or ballet flats. You will never stock up enough on those fashion sandals and there is no occasion nor any color that doesn't look just perfect with wedges on your feet. At the lowest price, choose the shoes whih you cant find anywhere.; id:rohit@iitrpr.ac.in
subject:Hi
body:I have lost bag. It has some important samples. If anyone has seen it, please revert back. I am attaching pic of similar bag.

Regards; id:raman@gmail.com
subject:pendrive lost
body:I  have lost his 8 gb san disk pen drive,he can collect it from room no. 203,mercury b.;id:abhanjan@gmail.com
subject:Job application
body:Dear Mr Muscat,
I am writing in connection with your advertisement for a temporary secretary.
I am 16 years old and I have just completed my secondary education. I have seven SEC level passes including Maths, Maltese and English and I also have my ECDL licence. I am very skilled at using computers and I regularly use Word to write documents, and Outlook to send emails. Moreover, I know how to make use of spellcheckers and the thesaurus to improve my writing.; id:brijesh@iitrpr.ac.in
subject:PMT
body:Dear All,

Please find the PMT attached. If you have any questions, please let me know as soon as possible. 

The attendance sheet is also attached. 

Best wishes,;id:sarahcar@pvrcinemas.com
subject:london
body:Hi,
How are you? I’m having a wonderful time here and wish that the holiday will go on forever. Guess where I am at the moment! Well, I’ve found an internet Café’ just round the corner from our hostel and I grabbed the opportunity to email you and tell you how I’ve been spending my time here in London.
I’ve been ever so busy the few days I’ve been here trying to visit all the interesting places. On Monday I visited Madame Tussaud’s. This is a waxwork museum. There was such a long queue to enter. Luckily our leader had booked the tickets beforehand. It was so wonderful seeing all those wax figures of so many famous people!; id:denisefar@vmail.com
subject:boat party
body: Hi Denise,
I couldn’t wait to tell you all about yesterday, what a great time we had, I really wish you could have been there. But I really should ask about you first.... how are you? Is your cough better? You did well not to come because it did get a bit cold on the boat late at night.
Sue and I set off for Sliema together and joined the crowd waiting to board the boat. Good job we happened to see some people we knew because we were starting to feel a little shy.;id:stclaire@gmail.com
subject:lost portfoliao
body:Dear Ms Buttigieg,
I am writing because this afternoon, while I was waiting for the school transport to arrive, I left my art portfolio in the Hall, just behind the main door. I only remembered when the bus was already some distance away. The driver would not turn back and disrupt the whole route.
Ideally, I should come to the school tomorrow to collect my belongings but I will not be able to. My family is going away on a camping trip and we’re getting a lift in a mini van belonging to my Dad’s friend. My mum said it’s too much to ask him to drive us to the school before we set off for the camp site because the school is really not on our way.

