id:varun@gmail.com
subject:wallet lost
body:Hello,  
I have lost my wallet today in the evening ,  it has all my important cards (aadhar card, ATM card etc) and other important things,  Anyone who finds it please reply to this thread .
Treat is assured.
Thanks ;id:info@mailkart.in
subject:But shoes online
body:The Amazon Shoe Store is online shoe shopping made simple. Amazon's online shoe shopping experience includes an
incredible selection of women's shoes, men's shoes, girls' shoes, boys' shoes and shoe accessories at an incredible low prices.
You can easily satisfy your every shoe need, from everyday basic shoes to the latest selection from top brands, the greatest contemporary shoe trends;id:info@amazon.in
subject:Shop Online this weekend
body:For women, find shoes for all occasions - Look smoking hot in those pumps and stillettoes. Go glam and edgy in leather boots. Waft through the bazaars in those breezy slippers or ballet flats. You will never stock up enough on those fashion sandals and there is no occasion nor any color that doesn't look just perfect with wedges on your feet. Go girl, make friends with the tarmac in those fashion sneakers and sports shoes which are perfect for running and make you look good even when sweating. Shop online from a variety of brands such as Catwalk, Inc. 5, Tresmode, Puma, Crocs, Metro and Liberty; id:rohit@iitrpr.ac.in
subject:Hi
body:I have lost my orange cloth bag. It has some important samples. If anyone has seen it, please revert back. I am attaching pic of similar bag.

Regards; id:raman@gmail.com
subject:pendrive found
body:If someone have lost his 8 gb san disk pen drive,he can collect it from room no. 203,mercury b.;id:abhiranjan@gmail.com
subject:Compositions for rashmi
body:Dear friends,

The literary club is back with IIT Ropar's celebrated event Rashmi. Organised each year since it's initiation by the pioneer batch, the event is a platform to exhibit and motivate poetic skills in the students. 

In the quest of making the event more alluring, enthusiastic participation is welcome.

So, students who are interested to participate in this Kavi Sammelan should reply to this mail with their compositions (in any language) attached (scan,word or image) by Tuesday (18th of April). There are mementos for the participants.

Regards 
Literary Club; id:brijesh@iitrpr.ac.in
subject:PMT
body:Dear All,

Please find the PMT attached. If you have any questions, please let me know as soon as possible. 

The attendance sheet is also attached. 

Best wishes,;id:bookings@pvrcinemas.com
subject:buy tickets
body:Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Baahubali 2, The Boss Baby & Many More. Book Now
Find showtimes near you · Read content in Tamil now · View movie trailers · Read reviews; id:info@codingblocks.com
subject:Win a scholarship
body: Coding Blocks is pleased to announce its 'Coders Admission & Scholarship Test' for foundation courses in which you can avail up to 75% scholarship on course fee at all centers.

CAST will be an online aptitude test to check your logical ability. To register for CAST, pay ₹100, which will be fully adjusted against the course fee irrespective of scholarship offered.;id:rohit@gmail.com
subject:Papers to read
body:Dear All,

Please see these links  (http://edition.cnn.com/2012/05/14/tech/gaming-gadgets/ipad-autism and https://www.theguardian.com/higher-education-network/2015/apr/15/how-technology-is-changing-speech-and-language-therapy) and also the attached paper. 

I am also sure that you all are reading on how to use technology for language therapy in general. 

You can see your Quiz 2 marks today after the class. 

With best wishes,

